*******************************************
The Totally Open Pressure Swing Adsorption
Intensification Library (toPSAil), herein 
referred to as the simulator, was developed
at the Georgia Institute of Technology by
Taehun Kim and Dr. Joseph K. Scott and is 
owned by Georgia Tech Research Corporation. 

The work was supported by Rapid Advancement
in Process Intensification Deployment 
(RAPID) institute’s Center for Process 
Modeling (CPM) led by Dr. Chau-Chyun Chen,
Dr. Maximilian B. Gorensek, and Dr. Joseph 
K. Scott. The simulator is available to 
academic research and noncommercial 
purposes within the RAPID Community for 
free. 

Any commercial usage of the simulator will
require the member to negotiate a 
non-exclusive license from Georgia Tech 
(GT) Office of Technology Licensing (OTL).
For information on the licensing, please 
contact Dr. Terry Bray, the director of 
GT-OTL, at terry.bray@industry.gatech.edu. 
*******************************************